We’ve had a meeting over here to discuss the App to try
and figure out any errors or things we would like to see
to help improve the data accuracy and try to engage
the crew members.

I have split these up into 4 areas.

Errors
Nice to have
App Additions
& Change to APP upload files

ERRORS

1. ’CAUTIOUS: titleForRow (PickerView): couldn’t find screen object?!’.
This crashed the app on two occasions
& on another allowed movement to the next step.

It occurred on different screens in the CIS checklist & NASA TLX.

2. ‘Type dimension (200) of string object scratch_user_answers[3]
is too small for string of length ***’. This is on the
‘Fatigue Countermeasures Q.4. I guess this is to do with the maximum
string length, this might be one of the areas we change so that the
maximum string length is less than 200 characters.

3. ‘YYERROR: Syntax Error’. This occurred in the free text areas
and after the error came up the APP crashed.

4. Sometimes the ‘Done’ button in free text areas did not work,
however this was spontaneous and had no regular occurrence.

5. When pushing ‘previous’ button after selecting ‘next sector > Yes’
it takes you back to the start of the duty day.

6.  You cannot press the ribbon at the top of the PVT to get a time.
I guess this is an apple thing and therefore impossible to change,
if so not to worry.

 

 

The nice to have bits

These are a collection of items from the crew and items we have thought of,
I will go through the areas in as streamlined a way as possible

Overall App

1.  Can previous button only allow a 1 step back and then disappear.
– We have a feeling some crew members may go back to previous questions
instead of following the days fully.

2.  Would it be possible to add previous test name and time/date stamp
on the home page of the app.

3.  Is it possible to turn on/off whether questionnaires are shown
(I’m thinking this might be good because in future studies we may
require certain questionnaires and not others, also thinking about
the possible introduction of n-back while keeping PVT available
and other questionnaires).

AM sleep diary

1.Would it be possible to add a date as the first screen so that if we have the errors with the iPod not having the correct time we can calculate easily.

PVT

1. Is it possible/is it still validated if the white square changes
to different shapes through the test at random points?

2. Is it possible to change the number colour to green when a crew
member has selected correctly, like

3. Can we take out the ‘Skip PVT’ button, I think more people than
we wanted just completely skipped the PVT if we can force them to
start they may complete it.

4. In keeping with above can we increase the time out to 60 seconds.

5. Is it possible to calculate average score and list it at the end of the test.

Workload Factors

1. Would it be possible to have one screen where the workload
factors can be selected, maybe with radio buttons, dragable numbers
or maybe 3 picker screens?

2. Workload factors title should read ‘SELECT’ as the first word
on Q1, Q3 & Q5(It is currently only the case on Q1)

App Additions

1.  How possible is it to add a ‘History’ area,
Listing items contained in the study for example ‘Average sleep period’,
Average PVT speed, Quickest PVT speed, Dates fully completed and any
further information might be interesting for the crew member to view
themselves.

Third part, we had an issue on a crew member during the study who was
changed to a standby due to being delayed then was called out from
this standby.

If possible could we have a standby day included in Duty Day/Rest
Day selection.

This should start with the Rest Day questionnaires but have an extra
selectable button which when pushed moves onto the Duty Day questionnaires,
with a question asking ‘Time of Callout’ which is selectable from a 24
hour clock.

Lastly.

In regard to the files, I have a few ideas but I’m not sure how
easy/possible they are to implement.

Firstly if a crew member selects previous can it have the data
re-entered into the questionnaire as currently the person has
to re-enter the data, I guess what it would mean is that the
data is held somewhere in the app until the next questionnaire
is selected, this would help the crew members but would also
mean that

Next would it be possible to create a singular file per day which
would then allow us to calculate through a day so everything is
combined into individual days for individual crew members.

However then have a few separated out which contain the data as
separate entries into singular files.

For example

01/01/14 10:10:23 xxxxxx
01/01/14 15:13:15 xxxxxx
01/01/14 22:45:13 xxxxxx

The questionnaires which might be useful here would be

PVT Summaries, AM&PM Sleep Diaries (combined), Samn-Perelli Score,
Workload & Nasa TLX.

Hopefully that all makes sense, let me know how feasible these are?
And any other areas you’d like to change the app or any errors you’ve noticed.

Thanks,
Martin

